Docs/readme.md (#12)
TBD-Labs-AI/latched: README.md

<p align="center">
    <img src="Images/Logo-no-background-3x.png" alt="Latched" width="50%">
</p>

<p align="center">

>     <a href="https://discord.gg/UxMXBHUWcr"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/community-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord"/></a>

Reviewer: This is not important now, however, this seems better
<img width="569" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7a33a93e-8c93-441c-b299-8658ac6194fd">

URL: https://github.com/hatchet-dev/hatchet

    <a href="https://github.com/TBD-Labs-AI/latched/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/TBD-Labs-AI/latched" alt="PRs Welcome"/></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TBD-Labs-AI/latched/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/TBD-Labs-AI/latched" alt="License"/></a>
    <a href="https://www.latched.ai"><img src="https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.latched.ai" alt="Website"/></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">
ML models latches onto devices
</h3>

Latched provides easy-to-use pipelines to perform ML models on various devices such as mobile, Nvidia jetson, Intel CPUs,  and accelerators.
Latched covers both converting models and deploying them(Latched Model Manager, Latched Devices SDKs).

Supported ML Tasks:

📚 Text:

- Small Language Models, to embed chat-bot or text analysis on device

>   - **Phi 3.5 mini** (iPhone 15 Pro)

Reviewer: I believe that we need to emphasize the combination of [Model, Compresson Method, Device]. At this point, I hope the representation like this: Phi-3.5-mini + OmniQuantW3A8 @ iPhone 15 Pro. 

Reference Image: https://privatellm.app/release-notes
<img width="1112" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb9a7aa9-447d-46a5-b528-fe596c311001">

Author: Checked

  - Other models will be supported soon
- Other tasks will be supported soon

> 🏞️ VIsion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🏞️ Vision:
```

🗣️ Audio:

- Speech to Text, Automatic Speech Recognition (coming soon)
- Other tasks will be supported soon

Supported Frameworks:

- [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/)
- [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/)

## Latched Components

<!-- Put some Diagram here -->

**Latched**: Latched python library provides hardware-aware optimization. With this library, you can export your ML model into hardware-optimized forms.

**Latched Server**: Latched server provides a RESTful API to register and run ML models on various devices.

**Latched Devices SDKs**: Latched devices SDKs provide libraries to run ML models on various devices.

## Getting Started

### Installation

coming soon

### How to use Latched

1. Optimize Model
   ```python
   # Code will be updated soon
   from latched import AutoModelOptimizer
   ...
   ```
2. Export Model
   ```python
   # Code will be updated soon
   ```
3. Register Model to Model Manager
   ```python
   # Code will be updated soon
   ```
4. Run model on device (swift version)
   ```swift
   // Code will be updated soon
   import Latched
   let model = LatchedModel(key: "model_key")
   ```

## Model Hub

coming soon

## Contributing

> Do you believe the future of AI is on edge computing? Do you want to make it happen?

Reviewer: Need to consider the accelerators. No need to keep my suggestion.

```suggestion
Do you believe the future of AI is on devices including mobile phone, robot, CCTV, accerlator? Do you want to make it happen?
```
